Add pre/post transaction plugin hooks (#14754)
conda/conda: docs/source/dev-guide/plugins/post_transactions.rst

=================
Post-transactions
=================

> :ref:`Solver transactions <solver_api_transactions>` can be extended with the
> ``conda_post_transactions`` plugin hook. This plugin hook accepts a function which will be called
> after any action is executed, with the action object as the only argument. Arbitrary code can be
> executed via this mechanism, but remember that even simple solves can generate thousands of actions
> - so running computationally expensive code via this plugin mechanism can be slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Solver transactions <solver_api_transactions>` can be extended with the
``conda_post_transactions`` plugin hook. This plugin hook accepts a subclass of ``FinalTransactionAction``
which will be instantiated and appended to the end of conda's transaction action list. When defining
the class you must define the following methods:

- ``execute``: this is the primary place to put code you wish to run during the transaction.
- ``verify``: this is run before the transaction is executed. This is a good place to check for
  conditions that would cause the transaction to fail.
- ``cleanup``: this is run after the transaction is executed. This is a good place to clean up any
  resources that were created during the transaction.
- ``reverse``: in the case of a failure, this allows you to define any reversal procedures.

```
